APARTMENT LEASE CONTRACT — Georgia/National Apartment Association Official Form, July 2025
Page 8 of 9 — Move-Out, Inspection, and Deposit Return
© 2025, National Apartment Association, Inc.

NOTE: This is a text transcription, provided for accessibility, of the sanitized lease page
image shown in this guide. All names, addresses, dates and dollar amounts are fictional.
The transcription is produced by optical character recognition and may contain recognition
errors; the lease page image is the source document. Reading order is left column, then
right column.

==============================================================================

--- LEFT COLUMN ---

rent under paragraphs 11 (Early Move-Out) and 33 (Default by
Resident). You’re prohibited by law from applying any security
deposit to rent. You won't stay beyond the date you are supposed
to move out. All residents, guests, and occupants must vacate the
apartment before the 30-day period for deposit refund begins.
You must give us and the U.S. Postal Service, in writing, each
resident’s forwarding address.

48. CLEANING. You must thoroughly clean the apartment, including
doors, windows, furniture, bathrooms, kitchen appliances, patios,
balconies, garages, carports, and storage rooms. You must follow
move-out cleaning instructions if they have been provided. If you
don’t clean adequately, you'll be liable for reasonable cleaning
charges.

49, MOVE-OUT INSPECTION. Within 3 business days after the
Lease Contract terminates and you vacate the premises or within
3 business days after you surrender and we accept back possession
of the apartment - whichever occurs first - we'll inspect your unit
and prepare a comprehensive list of damage done during your
occupancy (over and above normal wear) and the estimated
dollar value of the damage.

Upon your request within 5 business days after the Lease Contract
terminates and you vacate the premises or upon your request
within 5 business days after you surrender and we accept back
possession of the apartment - whichever occurs first - you have
the right to inspect the premises and inspect our list of damages
and estimated dollar value of the damages.

Ifyou are present with us atthe time of the inspection we will both
sign the damage list which will become conclusive evidence of the
accuracy of the list. If you refuse to sign the list, you must state
specifically in writing the items on the list with which you object
or dissent. You may note your objections or dissent on the list we
prepare, or you may submit a separate list of your objections and
dissent to our list.

In accordance with 0.C.G.A. § 44-7-34 within 30 days after
obtaining possession of your unit once the Lease Contract
terminates and you vacate the premises or within 30 days
after you surrender and we accept possession of the premises
- whichever occurs first - we will either: 1) return your full
security deposit; or 2) return the remaining portion (if any) of
your security deposit less any amounts we deducted for damages
exceeding wear and tear, unpaid rent, or other charges or fees
you owe us under the Lease Contract. If we do not return your full
security deposit we will send you the remaining balance of the
deposit (ifany) along with a copy of the damage list and estimated
value from our inspection.

If you vacate or surrender the premises without notifying us, we
will inspect the premises and compile the list of damages and
estimated value within a reasonable time after we discover you
surrendered the premises or vacated.

If you are present at the move out inspection after vacating and
sign the final damage list or if you are present at the move out
inspection and do not object or dissent in writing to the items on
the list, you are not entitled to recover your security deposit or
other damages in accordance with 0.C.G.A. § 44-7-35.

If you did not request a copy of the final damage list and you did
not inspect the premises after vacating you still will have the
right to dispute the damages we assessed against your security
deposit.

If you did not request a copy of the final damage list and were not
present for our inspection after vacating you still will have the
right to dispute the damages we assessed against your security
deposit.

50. SECURITY DEPOSIT DEDUCTIONS AND OTHER CHARGES.
You'll be liable for the following charges, if applicable: unpaid
rent; unpaid utilities; unreimbursed service charges; repairs or

Severability, Originals and /

52. SEVERABILITY. Ifanyprovision of this Lease Contract is invalid
or unenforceable under applicable law, such provision shall be
ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability only
without invalidating or otherwise affecting the remainder of this
Lease Contract. The court shall interpret the lease and provisions
herein in a manner such as to uphold the valid portions of this
Lease Contract while preserving the intent of the parties.

53. ORIGINALS AND ATTACHMENTS. This Lease Contract has
been executed in multiple originals, with original signatures. We
will provide you with a copy of the Lease Contract. Your copy of
the Lease Contract may be in paper format, in an electronic format

© 2025, National Apartment Association, Inc - 7/2025, Georgia

--- RIGHT COLUMN ---

damages caused by negligence, carelessness, accident, or abuse,
including stickers, scratches, tears, burns, stains, or unapproved
holes; replacement cost of our property that was in or attached to
the apartment and is missing; replacing dead or missing smoke-
detector or carbon monoxide detectors batteries; utilities for
repairs or cleaning; trips to let in company representatives to
remove your telephone or TV cable services or rental items (if
you so request or have moved out); trips to open the apartment
when you or any guest or occupant is missing a key; unreturned
keys; missing or burned-out light bulbs; removing or rekeying
unauthorized access control devices or alarm systems; agreed
reletting charges; packing, removing, or storing property
removed or stored under paragraph 13 (Contractual Lien and
Property Left in Apartment); removing illegally parked vehicles;
special trips for trash removal caused by parked vehicles
blocking dumpsters; false security-alarm charges unless due
to our negligence; animal-related charges under paragraph 28
(Animals); government fees or fines against us for violation (by
you, your occupants, or guests) of local ordinances relating to
smoke detectors and carbon monoxide detectors, false alarms,
recycling, or other matters; late-payment and returned-check
charges; a charge (not to exceed $100) for owner/manager’s time
and inconvenience in our lawful removal of an animal; attorney’s
fees, court costs, and filing fees actually paid or incurred with
respect to an eviction proceeding, your default, or as otherwise
provided by law or in this Lease Contract; and other sums due
under this Lease Contract.

You'll be liable to us for: (1) charges for replacing all keys and
access devices referenced in paragraph 5 (Keys) if you fail to
return them on or before your actual move-out date; (2) all
delinquent and future rent if you have violated paragraph 33
(Default by Resident); and (3) a reletting fee if you have violated
paragraph 11 (Early Move-Out).

51. DEPOSIT RETURN, SURRENDER, AND ABANDONMENT.
Deposit Return and Forwarding Address. In accordance with
0.C.G.A. § 44-7-34 you are required to provide us written notice of
your forwarding address, on or before termination of this Lease
Contract. We'll mail you, to the forwarding address you provide,
your security deposit refund (less lawful deductions) and an
itemized accounting of any deductions within the time provided
by law to either the forwarding address if notice is provided, or if
unknown, to the last known address.

Surrender. You have surrendered the apartment when: (1) the
move-out date has passed and no one is living in the apartment
in our reasonable judgment; or (2) all apartment keys and access
devices listed in paragraph 5 (Keys) have been turned in where
rent is paid—whichever date occurs first.
Abandonment. You have abandoned the apartment when all of
the following have occurred: (1) everyone appears to have moved
out with the intention to give up all rights to occupy or use the
apartment in our reasonable judgment; (2) you’ve been in default
for non-payment of rent for 5 consecutive days or water, gas, or
electric service for the apartment that we are not responsible for
paying for under paragraph 7 (Utilities) has been terminated; and
(3) you’ve not responded for 2 days to our notice left on the inside
of the main entry door, stating that we consider the apartment
abandoned.
Surrender, abandonment, and judicial eviction end your right of
possession for all purposes and gives us the immediate right to:
clean up, make repairs in, and relet the apartment; determine
any security deposit deductions; and remove property left in
the apartment. Surrender, abandonment, and judicial eviction
affect your rights to property left in the apartment (paragraph
13 - Contractual Lien and Property Left in Apartment), but do
not affect our mitigation obligations (paragraph 33 - Default by
Resident).
\ttachments, and Signatures

at your request, or sent via e-mail if we have communicated by
e-mail about this Lease. Our rules and community policies, if any,
will be attached to the Lease Contract and provided to you at
signing. When an Inventory and Condition form is completed, you
should retain a copy, and we should retain a copy. Any addenda or
amendments you signas apart of executing this Lease Contract are
binding and hereby incorporated into and made part of the Lease
Contract between you and us. This lease is the entire agreement
between you and us. You acknowledge that you are NOT relying
onany oral representations. A copy or scan of this Lease Contract
and related addenda, amendments, and agreements may be used
for any purpose and shall be treated as an original.

Page 8 of 9
