APARTMENT LEASE CONTRACT — Georgia/National Apartment Association Official Form, July 2025
Page 7 of 9 — General Clauses and Move-Out Notice
© 2025, National Apartment Association, Inc.

NOTE: This is a text transcription, provided for accessibility, of the sanitized lease page
image shown in this guide. All names, addresses, dates and dollar amounts are fictional.
The transcription is produced by optical character recognition and may contain recognition
errors; the lease page image is the source document. Reading order is left column, then
right column.

==============================================================================

--- LEFT COLUMN ---

Lease Renewal When A Breach or Default Has Occurred.

In the event that you enter into a subsequent Lease prior to

the expiration of this Lease, and you breach or otherwise

commit a default under this Lease, We may, at our sole and
General

34, ENTIREAGREEMENT. Neither wenoranyofourrepresentatives
have made any oral promises, representations, or agreements.
This Lease Contract is the entire agreement between you and us.

35. NO AUTHORITY TO AMEND UNLESS IN WRITING.

Our representatives (including management personnel,
employees, and agents) have no authority to waive, amend,
or terminate this Lease Contract or any part of it, unless in
writing, and no authority to make promises, representations, or
agreements that impose security duties or other obligations on us
or our representatives unless in writing.

36. NOWAIVER. No actionoromission of our representative will be
considered a waiver of any subsequent violation, default, or time
or place of performance. Our not enforcing or belatedly enforcing
written-notice requirements, rental due dates, acceleration, liens,
or other rights isn’t a waiver under any circumstances.

37. NOTICE. Except when notice or demand is required by statute,
you waive any notice and demand for performance from us if
you default. Written notice to or from our managers constitutes
notice to or from us. Any person giving a notice under this Lease
Contract should retain a copy of the memo, letter or fax that was
given. Fax signatures are binding.

38, MISCELLANEOUS.

A. Exercising one remedy won't constitute an election or waiver
of other remedies.

B. Unless prohibited by law or the respective insurance policies,
insurance subrogation is waived by all parties.

C. All remedies are cumulative.

D. No employee, agent, or management company is personally
liable for any of our contractual, statutory, or other obligations
merely by virtue of acting on our behalf.

E. This Lease Contract binds subsequent owners.

F, Neither an invalid clause nor the omission of initials on any
page invalidates this Lease Contract.

G. All provisions regarding our non-liability and non-duty apply
to our employees, agents, and management companies.

H. This Lease Contract is subordinate or superior to existing and
future recorded mortgages, at lender’s option.

I. All Lease Contract obligations must be performed in the
county where the apartment is located.

J. All discretionary rights reserved for us within this Lease
Contract or any accompanying addenda are at our sole and
absolute discretion.

K. Resident agrees and understands that the terms and
conditions of this agreement, including any and all rules and
regulations or other documents or policies referred to herein,
will be construed and applied under and according to the laws
of the state of Georgia.

L. You affirmatively state that you are nota criminal sex offender.

39. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. To minimize legal expenses and, to
the extent allowed by law, you and we agree that a trial of any
lawsuit based on statute, common law, and/or related to this
Lease Contract shall be to a judge and not a jury.

When Mc

46. MOVE-OUT NOTICE. Before moving out, either at the end of the
lease term, any extension of the lease term, or prior to the end of
the lease term, you must give our representative advance written
notice of your intention to vacate as required by paragraph 3
(Lease Term). If you move out prior to the end of the lease term,
your notice does not act as a release of liability for the full term
of the Lease Contract. You will still be liable for the entire Lease
Contract term if you move out early (see paragraph 23 - Release
of Resident) except ifyou are able to terminate the Lease Contract
under the statutory rights explained under paragraph 11 (Early
Move-Out), paragraph 23 (Release of Resident), and paragraph 24
(Military Transfer and Lease Termination). All notices to vacate
must be in writing and must provide the date by which you intend
to vacate. If the notice does not comply with the time requirements

© 2025, National Apartment Association, Inc. - 7/2025, Georgia

--- RIGHT COLUMN ---

absolute discretion, terminate the subsequent Lease, even if the
subsequent Lease term has yet to commence. We may terminate
said subsequent Lease by sending you written notice of our desire
to terminate said subsequent Lease.

Clauses

40. LIMITATIONS ON ACTIONS. To the extent allowed by law,
Resident also agrees and understands that any legal action
against Management or Owner must be instituted within one
year of the date any claim or cause of action arises and that any
action filed after one year from such date shall be time barred as
a matter of law.

41. CONTACTING YOU. By signing this lease, you are agreeing that
we, our representative(s) or agent(s) may contact you. You agree
that we may contact you using any contact information relating to
your lease including any number (i) you have provided to us (ii)
from which you called us, or (iii) which we obtained and through
which we reasonably believe we can reach you. You agree we
may use any means to contact you. This may include calls made
to your cellular telephone using an automatic telephone dialing
system, artificial or prerecorded voice messages, text messages,
mail, e-mail, and calls to your phone or Voice over Internet
Protocol (VoIP) service, or any other data or voice transmission
technology. You agree to promptly notify us if you change any
contact information you provide to us. You are responsible for any
service provider charges as a result of us contacting you.

42. OBLIGATION TO VACATE. If we provide you with a notice to
vacate, or if you provide us with a written notice to vacate or
intent to move-out in accordance with paragraph 3 (Lease Term),
and we accept such written notice, then you are required to vacate
the premises and remove all of your personal property therefrom
at the expiration of the Lease term without further notice or
demand from us.

43. FORCE MAJEURE: If we are prevented from completing

performances of any obligations hereunder by an act of God,
strikes, epidemics, war, acts of terrorism, riots, flood, fire,
hurricane, tornado, sabotage, or other occurrence which is beyond
the control of the parties, then we shall be excused from any
further performance of obligations and undertakings hereunder,
to the full extent allowed under applicable law.
Furthermore, if such an event damages the property to materially
affect its habitability by some or all residents, we reserve the right
to vacate any and all leases and you agree to excuse us from any
further performance of obligations and undertakings hereunder,
to the full extent allowed under applicable law.

44, PAYMENTS. Payment of all sums is an independent covenant.
At our option and without notice, we may apply money received
(other than sale proceeds under paragraph 13 (Contractual Lien
and Property Left in Apartment) or utility payments subject to
governmental regulations) first to any of your unpaid obligations,
then to current rent—regardless of notations on checks or money
orders and regardless of when the obligations arose. All sums
other than rent are due upon our demand. If you fail to pay rent
on time (on or before the 1st) on more than one occasion during
your lease term, we do not have to accept the rent or any other
payments thereafter.

45. ASSOCIATION MEMBERSHIP. We represent that either: (1) we
or; (2) the management company that represents us, is at the time
of signing this Lease Contract or a renewal of this Lease Contract,
a member of both the National Apartment Association and any
affiliated state and local apartment (multi-housing) associations
for the area where the apartment is located.

ving Out

of paragraph 3 (Lease Term), even if you move by the last date in
the lease term, you will be responsible for an additional month’s
rent. If you fail to vacate by the date set forth in your notice, your
notice is void and you must submit a new written notice. If you
fail to provide proper notice and vacate, you will be responsible
for an additional month’s rent. The one month’s rent represents
the period that the apartment sits vacant and constitutes actual
damages for loss of rent.

47, MOVE-OUT PROCEDURES. The move-out date can’t be changed
unless we and you both agree in writing. You won't move out
before the lease term or renewal period ends unless all rent
for the entire lease term or renewal period is paid in full. Early
move-out may result in reletting charges and liability for future

Page 7 of 9
