APARTMENT LEASE CONTRACT — Georgia/National Apartment Association Official Form, July 2025
Page 4 of 9 — Conduct, Parking, and Ending the Lease Early
© 2025, National Apartment Association, Inc.

NOTE: This is a text transcription, provided for accessibility, of the sanitized lease page
image shown in this guide. All names, addresses, dates and dollar amounts are fictional.
The transcription is produced by optical character recognition and may contain recognition
errors; the lease page image is the source document. Reading order is left column, then
right column.

==============================================================================

--- LEFT COLUMN ---

21, PROHIBITED CONDUCT. You and your occupants or guests
may not engage in the following activities: behaving in a loud or
obnoxious manner; disturbing or threatening the rights, comfort,
health, safety, or convenience of others (including our agents
and employees) in or near the apartment community; disrupting
our business operations; manufacturing, delivering, possessing
with intent to deliver, or otherwise possessing a controlled
substance or drug paraphernalia; engaging in or threatening
violence; possessing a weapon prohibited by state law; unlawfully
discharging a firearm in the apartment community; unlawfully
displaying or possessing a gun, knife, or other weapon; storing
anything in closets having gas appliances; tampering with utilities
or telecommunications; bringing hazardous materials into the
apartment community; or injuring our reputation by making bad
faith allegations against us to others.

22. PARKING. We may regulate the time, manner, and place of
parking cars, trucks, motorcycles, bicycles, boats, trailers, and
recreational vehicles by anyone, including the number of vehicles
allowed and location for parking. We may remove unauthorized
or illegally parked vehicles from the apartment community
at your expense under the terms of this Lease Contract or by
appropriate statute. A vehicle is unauthorized or illegally parked
in the apartment community if it:

(1) has a flat tire or other condition rendering it inoperable; or
(2) is on jacks, blocks or has wheel(s) missing; or
(3) has no current license plate or no current registration and/or
inspection sticker; or
(4) takes up more than one parking space: or
(5) belongs to a resident or occupant who has surrendered or
abandoned the apartment; or
(6) is parked in a marked handicap space without the legally
required handicap insignia; or
(7) is parked in space marked for manager, staff, or guest at the
office; or
(8) blocks another vehicle from exiting; or
(9) is parked ina fire lane or designated “no parking” area; or
(10) is parked in aspace marked for other resident(s) or unit(s); or
{11} is parked on the grass, sidewalk, or patio; or
(12) blocks garbage trucks from access toa dumpster; or
(13) belongs to a resident and is parked in a visitor or retail
parking space.

23. RELEASE OF RESIDENT, Unless you're entitled to terminate
your tenancy as pertains to a Family Violence Order under this
paragraph or under paragraphs 10 (Special Provisions), 16 (Delay
of Occupancy), 24 (Military Transfer and Lease Termination), 32
(Responsibilities of Owner), or 46 (Move-Out Notice}, you won't
be released from this Lease Contract for any reason—including
but not limited to voluntary or involuntary school withdrawal
or transfer, voluntary or involuntary job transfer, marriage,
separation, divorce, reconciliation, loss of co-residents, loss of
employment, bad health, or death.

Release or Termination Due to a Family Violence Court
Order. You may terminate the Lease Contract by giving us
a 30 day written notice and a copy of the family violence order
as provided in 0.C.C.A. § 44-7-23 if a Court has issued a civil or
criminal] family violence order protecting you or your minor child.
Ifyou obtained an ex parte temporary protective order (TPO) you
must also provide a copy of the police incident report on which the
order was based.

The termination will take effect 30 days after providing us your
written Lease Contract termination notice accompanied by a copy
of the family violence order; however, you may continue to occupy
the apartment until the termination date. You will continue to
be responsible for any past due rent and rent that comes due
prorated through the date your Lease Contract termination is
effective. Also, you are responsible for all other sums that come
due orare incurred through the Lease Contract termination date.
Ifyou signed the Lease Contract but have not yet taken possession
of the apartment you may terminate the Lease Contract prior to
taking possession by giving us at least 14 days written notice and
providing a copy of the family violence order and a copy of the
police incident report ifthe order was an ex parte TPO. [fyou give
us a proper 14 day termination notice based on a family violence
order prior to taking possession of the apartment you are not
liable for payment of any rent or other fees, and the Lease Contract
will terminate.

24, MILITARY TRANSFER AND LEASE TERMINATIONS,

A resident (including a resident’s spouse] who is aservice member

on active duty or is called to active duty in the regular or the

reserve component of the U.S. Armed Forces, U.S. Coast Guard or
© 2025, National Apartment Association, Inc. - 7/2025, Georgia

--- RIGHT COLUMN ---

National Guard, shall have the right to end this Apartment Rental
Contract early by giving 30 days written notice, paying all rent
due through the notice date, and providing a copy of the official
military orders or written verification signed by the service
member's commanding officer or by providing base housing
orders as provided in 0.C.G.A. § 44-7-22, ifthe service member is:
(1) Ordered to federal duty for a period of 90 days orlonger;

(2) Receives a permanent change of station orders to move at
least 35 miles away from the rental housing:

(3) Is released from active duty after leasing housing and must
move 35 miles or more away from the service member's
home of record prior to entering active duty;

(4) After entering into this rental agreement, the service member
becomes eligible to live in government quarters or the failure
to move to government quarters will result in a forfeiture of
the member's basic allowance for housing;

(S} Receives temporary duty orders or temporary change
of station orders or state active duty orders for a period
exceeding 60 days that is at least 35 miles away from the
location of the rental housing; or

(6) Receives orders after signing the lease but before taking
possession of the rental housing.

After you deliver to us your written termination notice, the Lease
Contract will be terminated under this military clause 30 days
after the date on which your next rental pay ment is due, You must
furnish us a copy of your military orders, such as permanent
change-of-station orders, call-up orders, or deployment orders
or written notification from your commanding officer. Military
permission for base housing does not constitute change-of-station
order. After you move out, we'll return your security deposit, less
lawful deductions. For the purposes of this Lease Contract, orders
described in (2) above will only release the resident who qualifies
under (1) and (2) above and receives the orders during the Lease
Contract term and such resident’s spouse or legal dependents
living in the resident’s household, A co-resident who is not your
spouse or dependent cannot terminate under this military clause.
Unless you state otherwise in paragraph 10 (Special Provisions),
you represent when signing this Lease Contract that: (1) you do
not already have deployment or change-of-station orders; (2) you
will not be retiring from the military during the Lease Contract
term; and (3) the term of your enlistment or obligation will not
end before the Lease Contract term ends. Even if you are entitled
to terminate this Lease Contract under this paragraph, liquidated
damages for making a false representation of the above will be the
amount of unpaid rent for the remainder of the lease term when
and if you move out, less rents from others received in mitigation
under paragraph 33 (Default by Resident}. You must immediately
notify us if you are called to active duty or receive deployment or
permanent change-of-station orders.

25, RESIDENT SAFETY AND PROPERTY LOSS. You and all
occupants and guests must exercise due care for your own
and others’ safety and security, especially in the use of smoke
detectors and carbon monoxide detectors, keyed deadbolt locks,
keyless bolting devices, window latches, and access control
devices.

Smoke Detectors and Carbon Monoxide Detectors. We'll

furnish smoke detectors and carbon monoxide detectors only if

required by statute or ordinance, and we'll test them and provide
working batteries when you first take possession. After that, you
must test the smoke detectors and the carbon monoxide detectors
on a regular basis, and must pay for and replace batteries as
needed, unless the law provides otherwise. We may replace
dead or missing batteries at your expense, without prior notice
to you, You must immediately report smoke detector and carbon
monoxide detector malfunctions to us. Neither you nor others
may disable neither the smoke detectors nor the carbon monoxide
detectors. If you damage or disable the smoke detector or carbon
monoxide detector or remove a battery without replacing it witha
working battery, you will be liable to us for $100 plus one month’s
rent, actual damages, and attorney's fees, If you disable or damage
the smoke detector or carbon monoxide detector, or fail to replace

a dead battery or report malfunctions to us, you will be liable to

us and others for any loss, damage, or fines from fire, smoke, or

water. We both must comply with any local smoke detector and
carbon monoxide detector ordinances.

Casualty Loss. We're not liable to any resident, guest, or

occupant for personal injury or damage or loss of personal

property from any cause, including but not limited to: fire, smoke,
rain, flood, water and pipe leaks, hail, ice, snow, lightning, wind,
explosions, interruption of utilities, theft, or vandalism unless

Page 4 of 9
