APARTMENT LEASE CONTRACT — Georgia/National Apartment Association Official Form, July 2025
Page 5 of 9 — Repairs, Animals, and Entry
© 2025, National Apartment Association, Inc.

NOTE: This is a text transcription, provided for accessibility, of the sanitized lease page
image shown in this guide. All names, addresses, dates and dollar amounts are fictional.
The transcription is produced by optical character recognition and may contain recognition
errors; the lease page image is the source document. Reading order is left column, then
right column.

==============================================================================

--- LEFT COLUMN ---

otherwise required by law. We have no duty to remove any ice,
sleet, or snow but may remove any amount with or without notice.
During freezing weather, you must ensure that the temperature
in the apartment is sufficient to make sure that the pipes do not
freeze (the appropriate temperature will depend upon weather
conditions and the size and layout of your unit). If the pipes
freeze or any other damage is caused by your failure to properly
maintain the heat in your apartment, you'll be liable for damage
to our and other’s property. If you ask our representatives to
perform services not contemplated in this Lease Contract, you
will indemnify us and hold us harmless from all liability for those
services.

CrimeorEmergency. Dial911 or immediatelycall local medical
emergency, fire, or police personnel in case of accident, fire, smoke,
or suspected criminal activity, or other emergency involving
imminent harm. You should then contact our representative.
We're not obliged to furnish security personnel, security lighting,
security gates or fences, or other forms of security. If we provide
any access control devices or security measures upon the
property, they are not a guarantee to prevent crime or to reduce
the risk of crime on the property. You agree that no access control
or security measures can eliminate all crime and that you will not
rely upon any provided access control or security measures as
a warranty or guarantee of any kind. We're not responsible for
obtaining criminal-history checks on any residents, occupants,
guests, or contractors in the apartment community. If you or
any occupant or guest is affected by a crime, you must make a
written report to our representative and to the appropriate local
law-enforcement agency. You also must furnish us with the law-
enforcement agency’s incident report number upon request.

26, CONDITION OF THE PREMISES AND ALTERATIONS,

You accept the apartment, fixtures, and furniture as is. We
disclaim all implied warranties. You'll be given an Inventory and
Condition form on or before move-in, Prior to move-in, you must
sign and note on the form all defects or damage and return it to
our representative, Otherwise, everything will be considered to
be in aclean, safe, and good working condition.

You must use customary diligence in maintaining the apartment
and not damaging or littering the common areas, Unless
authorized by statute or by us in writing, you must not perform
any repairs, painting, wallpapering, carpeting, electrical
changes, or otherwise alter our property. No holes or stickers
are allowed inside or outside the apartment. But we'll permit a
reasonable number of small nail holes for hanging pictures on
sheetrock walls and in grooves of wood-paneled walls, unless
our rules state otherwise. No water furniture, washing machines,
additional phone or TV¥-cable outlets, alarm systems, or lock
changes, additions, or rekeying is permitted unless statutorily
allowed or we've consented in writing. You may install a satellite
dish or antenna provided you sign our satellite dish or antenna
lease addendum which complies with reasonable restrictions
allowed by federal law. You agree not to alter, damage, or remove
our property, including alarm systems, smoke detectors and
carbon monoxide detectors, furniture, telephone and cable TV
wiring, screens, locks, and access control devices. To the extent
we provide permission to add an alarm system or where there is
an alarm system in place, you agree to immediately (within 24
hours) provide Us with the alarm code for purposes of access
to the premises in the event of an emergency or to perform
requested or routine maintenance. When you move in, we'll
supply light bulbs for fixtures we furnish, including exterior
fixtures operated from inside the apartment; after that, you'll
replace them at your expense with bulbs of the same type and
wattage. Your improvements to the apartment (whether or not we
consent} become ours unless we agree otherwise in writing.

27, REQUESTS, REPAIRS, AND MALFUNCTIONS, IF YOU OR
ANY OCCUPANT NEEDS TO SEND A NOTICE OR REQUEST—
FOR EXAMPLE, FOR REPAIRS, INSTALLATIONS, SERVICES, OR
SECURITY-RELATED MATTERS—IT MUST BE SUBMITTED
THROUGH EITHER THE ONLINE RESIDENT/MAINTENANCE
PORTAL, OR SIGNED AND IN WRITING AND DELIVERED TO OUR
DESIGNATED REPRESENTATIVE (except in case of fire, smoke,
gas, explosion, overflowing sewage, uncontrollable running
water, electrical shorts, or crime in progress}. Qur written notes
on your oral request do not constitute a written request from you.
Our complying with or responding to any oral request regarding
security or non-security matters doesn’t waive the strict
requirement for written notices under this Lease Contract. You
must promptly notify us in writing of: water leaks; electrical
problems; malfunctioning lights; broken or missing locks or
latches; and other conditions that pose a hazard to property,
health, or safety. We may change or install utility lines or

© 2025, National Apartment Association, Inc. - 7/2025, Georgia

--- RIGHT COLUMN ---

equipment serving the apartment ifthe work is done reasonably
without substantially increasing your utility costs. We may
turn off equipment and interrupt utilities as needed to avoid
property damage or to perform work, If utilities malfunction or
are damaged by fire, water, or similar cause, you must notify our
representative immediately. Air conditioning problems are not
emergencies. [fair conditioning or other equipment malfunctions,
you must notify our representative as soon as possible on a
business day. We'll act with customary diligence to make repairs
and reconnections. Rent will not abate in whole or in part.

If we believe that fire or catastrophic damage is substantial, or
that performance of needed repairs poses a danger to you, we may
terminate this Lease Contract within a reasonable time by giving
you written notice. If the Lease Contract is so terminated, we'll
refund prorated rent and all deposits, less lawful deductions,

28. ANIMALS. Unless otherwise provided under federal, state, or
local law, no animals (including mammals, reptiles, birds, fish,
rodents, and insects) are allowed, even temporarily, anywhere
in the Apartment or Apartment Community unless we've so
authorized in writing. You must remove an illegal or unauthorized
animal within 24 hours of notice from us, or you will be
considered in default of this Lease Contract. If we allow an animal
as a pet, you must execute a separate animal addendum which
may require additional deposits, rents, fees or other charges.
An animal deposit is considered a general security deposit. We
will authorize an assistance animal for a disabled person. When
allowed by applicable laws, before we authorize an assistance
animal, if the disability is not readily apparent, we may require
a written statement from a qualified professional verifying the
disability-related need for the assistance animal. If we authorize
an assistance animal, we may require you to execute a separate
animal and/or assistance animal addendum. Animal deposits,
additional rents, fees or other charges will not be required for an
assistance animal needed due to disability, including an emotional
support or service animal, as authorized under federal, state, or
local law. You must not feed stray or wild animals.

If you or any guest or occupant violates animal restrictions (with
orwithout your knowledge), you'll be subject to charges, damages,
eviction, and other remedies provided inthis Lease Contract. [fan
animal has been in the apartment at any time during your term
of occupancy (with or without our consent}, we'll charge you for
defleaing, deodorizing, and shampooing. Initial and daily animal-
violation charges and animal-removal charges are liquidated
damages for our time, inconvenience, and overhead {except
for attorney’s fees and litigation costs) in enforcing animal
restrictions and rules. We may remove an unauthorized animal
by (1) leaving, ina conspicuous place in the apartment, a 24-hour
written notice of intent to remove the animal, and (2) following
the procedures of paragraph 29 (When We May Enter]. We may
keep or kennel the animal or turn it over to a humane society or
Jocal authority. When keeping or kenneling an animal, we won't
beliable for loss, harm, sickness, or death of the animal unless due
to our negligence. We'll return the animal to you upon request if
it has not already been turned over to a humane society or local
authority. You must pay for the animal’s reasonable care and
kenneling charges. We have no lien on the animal for any purpose.

29. WHEN WE MAY ENTER. If you or any guest or occupant is
present, then repairers, servicers,contractors, our representatives
or other persons listed in (2) below may peacefully enter the
apartment at reasonable times forthe purposes listed in (2) below.
If nobody is in the apartment, such persons may enter peacefully
and at reasonable times by duplicate or master key (or by breaking
a window or other means when necessary in emergencies) ift
(1) written notice of the entry is left in a conspicuous place in the

apartment immediately after the entry; and
(2) entry is for: responding to your request; making repairs
or replacements; estimating repair or refurbishing costs;
performing pest control; doing preventive maintenance;
changing filters; testing or replacing smoke-detector and
carbon monoxide detector batteries; retrieving unreturned
tools, equipment or appliances; preventing waste of utilities;
exercising our contractual lien; leaving notices; delivering,
installing, reconnecting, or replacing appliances, furniture,
equipment, or access control devices; removing or rekeying
unauthorized access control devices; removing unauthorized
window coverings: stopping excessive noise; removing
health or safety hazards (including hazardous materials},
or items prohibited under our rules; removing perishable
foodstuffs if your electricity is disconnected; removing
unauthorized animals; cutting off electricity according to
statute; retrieving property owned or leased by former
residents; inspecting when immediate danger to person
Page 5 of 9
