APARTMENT LEASE CONTRACT — Georgia/National Apartment Association Official Form, July 2025
Page 2 of 9 — Insurance, Locks, and Special Provisions
© 2025, National Apartment Association, Inc.

NOTE: This is a text transcription, provided for accessibility, of the sanitized lease page
image shown in this guide. All names, addresses, dates and dollar amounts are fictional.
The transcription is produced by optical character recognition and may contain recognition
errors; the lease page image is the source document. Reading order is left column, then
right column.

==============================================================================

--- LEFT COLUMN ---

You'll pay for all other utilities, related deposits, and any charges,
fees, or services on such utilities. You must not allow utilities
other than cable TV not provided by us to be disconnected for
any reason—including disconnection for not paying your bills—
until the lease term or renewal period ends. Cable channels that
are provided may be changed during the Lease Contract term if
the change applies to all residents. If the property is currently
providing cable to the resident, the property may, with 30 days
notice to the resident, cease providing cable and the resident will
contract directly with thecable provider for such services. Utilities
may be used only for normal household purposes and must not be
wasted. If your electricity is ever interrupted, you must use only
battery-powered lighting. If any utilities are submetered for the
apartment, or prorated by an allocation formula, we will attach an
addendum to this Lease Contract in compliance with state or local
law. You must not heat the apartment using gas-operated stoves
or ovens which were intended for use in cooking.

**Important Disclosure Regarding Management’s Right to Select
the Natural Gas Marketer (Provider). Resident (the Tenant)
authorizes Management (the Landlord) to act as Resident’s agent
for the limited purpose of selecting the Resident’s natural gas
marketer, to authorize the natural gas marketer to obtain credit
information on the Resident, if required by the marketer, and to
enroll the Resident on the marketer’s standard variable price plan
for which the Resident is eligible, unless the Resident chooses
another price plan for which the resident is eligible. Resident
acknowledges that Management may have business relationship
with the natural gas marketer that may provide for a financial
or other benefit to Management in exchange for the Resident’s
enrollment with the Marketer.

8. INSURANCE. We do not maintain insurance to cover your
personal property or personal injury. We are not responsible to
any resident, guest, or occupant for damage or loss of personal
property or personal injury from (including but not limited
to) fire, smoke, rain, flood, water and pipe leaks, hail, ice, snow,
lightning, wind, explosions, earthquake, interruption of utilities,
theft, hurricane, negligence of other residents, occupants, or
invited/uninvited guests or vandalism unless otherwise required
by law.

In addition, we urge all residents, and particularly those residing
in coastal areas, areas near rivers, and areas prone to flooding, to
obtain flood insurance. Renter’s insurance may not cover damage
to your property due to flooding. A flood insurance resource which
may be available includes the National Flood Insurance Program
managed by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (F EMA).

10. SPECIAL PROVISIONS. The following special provisions and
any addenda or written rules furnished to you at or before signing
will become a part of this Lease Contract and will supersede any
conflicting provisions of this printed Lease Contract form.
Landlord reserves the right to reject any
partial rent payment.

See any additional special provisions.

11. EARLY MOVE-OUT. You'll beliable to us fora reletting charge of
$_1,675.00 (notto exceed 100% of the highest monthly rent
during the Lease Contract term) if you:

(1) fail to give written move-out notice as required in paragraphs
24 (Military Transfer and Lease Termination) or 46 (Move-
Out Notice); or

(2) move out without paying rent in full for the entire Lease
Contract term or renewal period; or

(3) move out at our demand because of your default; or

(4) are judicially evicted.

The reletting charge is not a cancellation fee and does not release

you from your obligations under this Lease Contract.

Not a Release. The reletting charge is not a Lease Contract

cancellation fee or buyout fee. It is anagreed-to liquidated amount

covering only part of our damages; that is, our time, effort, and

expense in finding and processing a replacement resident. These

damages are uncertain and difficult to ascertain—particularly

those relating to inconvenience, paperwork, advertising, showing

apartments, utilities for showing, checking prospects, office

overhead, marketing costs, and locator-service fees. You agree

that the reletting charge is a reasonable estimate of such damages

© 2025, National Apartment Association, Inc. - 7/2025, Georgia

--- RIGHT COLUMN ---

We urge you to get your own insurance for losses to your personal
property or injuries due to theft, fire, water damage, pipe leaks
and the like.

Additionally, youare {check one] requiredtopurchasepersonal
liability insurance () not required to purchase personal liability
insurance. If no box is checked, personal liability insurance is not
required. If required, this policy must list Owner as an additional
insured and failure to maintain personal liability insurance
throughout your tenancy, including any renewal periods and/or
lease extensions, is an incurable breach of this Lease Contract and
may result in the termination of tenancy and eviction and/or any
other remedies as provided by this Lease Contract or state law.
You acknowledge that no portion of the rent paid by you under
this agreement will be specifically allocated for the purchase of
the owner’s structural fire insurance, though the owner may use
a portion of gross rental proceeds obtained from all rental units
inthe community to purchase such structural fire insurance, and
in such an event, that you are in no way a co-insured under any
such policy.

9, LOCKS AND LATCHES. Keyed lock(s) will be rekeyed after the
prior resident moves out. The rekeying will be done before you
move in to your apartment. You agree to not install additional or
different locks orlatches on any doors or windows of the premises,
unless we have consented in writing to such installation.

You may at any time ask us to change or rekey locks or latches
during the Lease Term. We must comply with those requests, but
you must pay for them, unless otherwise provided by law.
Payment for Rekeying, Repairs, Etc. You must pay for all
repairs or replacements arising from misuse or damage to devices
by you or your occupants, or guests during your occupancy.
You may be required to pay in advance if we notify you within
a reasonable time after your request that you are more than 30
days delinquent in reimbursing us for repairing or replacing a
device which was misused or damaged by you, your guest or an
occupant; or if you have requested that we repair or change or
rekey the same device during the 30 days preceding your request
and we have complied with your request. Otherwise, you must
pay immediately after the work is completed.

nd “What If” Clauses
and that the charge is due whether or not our reletting attempts
succeed. If no amount is stipulated, you must pay our actual
reletting costs so far as they can be determined. The reletting
charge does not release you from continued liability for: future
or past-due rent; charges for cleaning, repairing, repainting, or
unreturned keys; or other sums due.

12. REIMBURSEMENT. You must promptly reimburse us for loss,
damage, government fines, or cost of repairs or service in the
apartment or apartment community due toa violation of the Lease
Contract or rules, improper use, or negligence by you or your
guests or occupants. Unless the damage or wastewater stoppage
is due to our negligence, we’re not liable for—and you must pay
for—repairs, replacement costs, and damage to the following that
result from your or your invitees, guests, or occupants’ negligence
or intentional acts: (1) damage to doors, windows, or screens;
(2) damage from windows or doors left open; and (3) damage
from wastewater stoppages caused by improper objects in lines
exclusively serving your apartment. We may require payment at
any time, including advance payment of repairs for which you’re
liable. Delay in demanding sums you owe is not a waiver.

13. CONTRACTUAL LIEN AND PROPERTY LEFT IN APARTMENT.
All property in the apartment is subject to a contractual
lien to secure payment of delinquent rent. For this purpose,
“apartment” excludes common areas but includes interior living
areas and exterior patios, balconies, attached garages, and
storerooms for your exclusive use.

Removal After Surrender, Abandonment, or Eviction.
Weorlawofficers may removeand/orstoreall property remaining
in the apartment or in common areas (including any vehicles you
or any occupant or guest owns or uses) if you are judicially evicted
or if you surrender or abandon the apartment (see definitions in
paragraph 51 - Deposit Return, Surrender, and Abandonment).
Page 2 of 9
