APARTMENT LEASE CONTRACT — Georgia/National Apartment Association Official Form, July 2025
Page 6 of 9 — Replacements, Responsibilities, and Default
© 2025, National Apartment Association, Inc.

NOTE: This is a text transcription, provided for accessibility, of the sanitized lease page
image shown in this guide. All names, addresses, dates and dollar amounts are fictional.
The transcription is produced by optical character recognition and may contain recognition
errors; the lease page image is the source document. Reading order is left column, then
right column.

==============================================================================

--- LEFT COLUMN ---

or property is reasonably suspected; allowing persons to
enter as you authorized in your rental application (if you
die, are incarcerated, etc.); allowing entry by a law officer
with a search or arrest warrant, or in hot pursuit; showing
apartment to prospective residents (after move-out or vacate
notice has been given); or showing apartment to government
inspectors forthe limited purpose ofdeter mining housing and
fire ordinance compliance by us and to lenders, appraisers,
contractors, prospective buyers, or insurance agents.
Replac

31. REPLACEMENTS AND SUBLETTING. Replacing a resident,
subletting, assignment, or granting a right or license to occupy is
allowed only when we expressly consent in writing. If departing
or remaining residents find a replacement resident acceptable to
us before moving out and we expressly consent, in writing, to the
replacement, subletting, assignment, or granting a right or any
license to occupy, then:

(1) a reletting charge will not be due;

(2) a reasonable administrative (paperwork) and/or transfer
fee will be due, and a rekeying fee will be due if rekeying is
requested or required; and

(3) the departing and remaining residents will remain liable for
all lease obligations for the rest of the original lease term.

Responsibilities of |

32. RESPONSIBILITIES OF OWNER. We'll act with customary
diligence to:

(1) keep common areas reasonably clean, subject to paragraph
26 (Condition of the Premises and Alterations);

(2) maintain fixtures, furniture, hot water, heating and A/C
equipment;

(3) comply with applicable federal, state, andlocallaws regarding
safety, sanitation, and fair housing; and

(4) make all reasonable repairs, subject to your obligation to pay
for damages for which you are liable.

If we violate any of the above, you may terminate your tenancy

and exercise other remedies under state statute only as follows:

(a) you must make a written request for repair or remedy of the
condition, and all rent must be current at the time;

(b) after receiving the request, we have a reasonable time
to repair, considering the nature of the problem and the
reasonable availability of materials, labor, and utilities;

(c) if we haven't diligently tried to repair within a reasonable
time, you must then give us written notice of intent to
terminate your tenancy unless the repair is made within 7
days;

(d) if repair hasn’t been made within 7 days, you may terminate
your tenancy and exercise other statutory remedies. Security
deposits and prorated rent will be refunded as required by
law;

(e) you may terminate your tenancy under this provision only if
the repair or condition is so material and substantial as to
render the apartment unfit for habitation; and

(f) you must move out of the apartment on or before the
termination date specified in your notice.

33. DEFAULT BY RESIDENT. You'll be in default if you or any guest
or occupant violates any terms of this Lease Contract including
but not limited to the following violations: (1) you don't pay rent
or other amounts that you owe when due; (2) you or any guest or
occupant violates the apartment rules, or fire, safety, health, or
criminal laws, regardless of whether or where arrest or conviction
occurs; (3) you abandon the apartment; (4) you give incorrect,
misleading, or false answers in a rental application; (5) you or any
occupant is arrested, convicted, or given deferred adjudication
for a felony offense involving actual or potential physical harm
to a person, or involving possession, manufacture, or delivery of
a controlled substance, marijuana, or drug paraphernalia under
state statute; (6) any illegal drugs or drug paraphernalia are
found in your apartment; (7) you or your occupants or guests sell,
distribute, solicit, possess, or control any illegal drugs or drug
paraphernalia in your vehicle, your apartment, anywhere in the
apartment community, or on your person; (8) you or any guest or
occupant engages in any of the prohibited conduct described in
paragraph 21 (Prohibited Conduct); or (9) you or any occupant, in

© 2025, National Apartment Association, Inc. - 7/2025, Georgia

--- RIGHT COLUMN ---

30. JOINT AND SEVERAL RESPONSIBILITY. Each resident is
jointly and severally liable for all Lease Contract obligations. If
you or any guest or occupant violates the Lease Contract or rules,
all residents are considered to have violated the Lease Contract.
Our requests and notices (including sale notices) to any resident
constitute notice to all residents and occupants. Notices and
requests from any resident or occupant (including notices of
tenancy termination, repair requests, and entry permissions)
constitute notice fromall residents. In evictionsuits, each resident
is considered the agent of all other residents in the apartment
for service of process. Security-deposit refunds and deduction
itemizations of multiple residents will comply with paragraph 51
(Deposit Return, Surrender, and Abandonment).

ements
Procedures for Replacement. If we approve a replacement
resident, then, at our option: (1) the replacement resident must
sign this Lease Contract with or without an increase in the total
security deposit; or (2) the remaining and replacement residents
must sign an entirely new Lease Contract. Unless we agree
otherwise in writing, your security deposit will automatically
transfer to the replacement resident as of the date we approve.
The departing resident will no longer have a right to occupancy or
a security deposit refund, but will remain liable for the remainder
of the original Lease Contract term unless we agree otherwise in
writing—even if a new Lease Contract is signed.
)wner and Resident

bad faith, makes an invalid complaint to an official or employee of
a utility company or the government.
Eviction. If you default, we may end your right of occupancy
by giving you a 24-hour written notice to vacate. We will provide
a three (3) day notice for an eviction action due to nonpayment
of rent. Notice may be by: (1) regular mail; (2) certified mail,
return receipt requested; (3) personal delivery to any resident;
(4) personal delivery at the apartment to any occupant over 16
years old; (5) affixing the notice to the inside of the apartment’s
main entry door. Termination of your possession rights or
subsequent reletting doesn’t release you from liability for future
rent or other lease obligations.
Holdover. You or any occupant, invitee, or guest must not hold
over beyond the date contained in your move-out notice or our
notice to vacate (or beyond a different move-out date agreed to
by the parties in writing). Ifa holdover occurs, then: (1) the rental
value of your apartment while you hold over is due inadvance ona
monthly basis and shall be delinquent without notice or demand;
(2) the rental value for the holdover period will be increased by
25% over the then-existing rent, without notice; (3) you'll be
liable to us for all rent for the full term of the previously signed
Lease Contract of a new resident who can’t occupy because of the
holdover; and (4) at our option, we may extend the lease term--
for up to one month from the date of notice of lease extension--
by delivering written notice to you or your apartment while you
continue to hold over.
Other Remedies. We may report unpaid amounts to credit
agencies. If you default and move out early, you will pay us any
amounts stated to be rental discounts in paragraph 10 (Special
Provisions), in addition to other sums due. Upon your default,
we have all other legal remedies, including tenancy termination.
The prevailing party may recover from the non-prevailing party
15% attorney’s fees and all other litigation costs. Late charges are
liquidated damages for our time, inconvenience, and overhead in
collecting late rent (but are not for attorney’s fees and litigation
costs). All unpaid amounts bear 16% interest per year from due
date, compounded annually. You must pay all collection-agency
fees if you fail to pay all sums due within 10 days after we mail you
a letter demanding payment and stating that collection agency
fees will be added if you don't pay all sums by that deadline.
Remedies Cumulative. Any remedies set forth herein shall
be cumulative, in addition to, and not in limitation of, any other
remedies available to Landlord under any applicable law.
Mitigation of Damages. If you move out early, you'll be subject
to paragraph 11 (Early Move-Out) and all other remedies. We'll
exercise customary diligence to relet and mitigate damages.
We'll credit all subsequent rent that we actually receive from
subsequent residents against your liability for past-due and
future rent and other sums due.

Page 6 of 9
